[ Ryan ]
This entire organization
is on stand-down...
pending
an Article 32 investigation...
for massive criminal action
and war crimes by members
of this command.
My husband's a proud soldier,
but he's a poor excuse
for a man. He beats his wife!
- Tell people whatever you want.
You explain this.
- What did you do?
- Did you sign
the divorce petition yet?
- No.
Would you do that, please?
I thought we could actually
save our marriage. I'll file it.
What is this?
Your admission
to the stated charges.
The Uniform Code of Military
Justice requires--
[ Yelps, Yells ]
We shut down the prisoner ship,
stopped the executions.
The Unit's being reinstated.
- For now.
- For as long
as we hold the evidence.
What you think, Sergeant?
Be ready by the end of the week?
It takes that long, sir, you
need to fire me and get someone
in here who knows their job.
All right, then,
I'll get out of your hair.
Have a good one.
We can't possibly
finish that soon. This is
a two-week job at the least.
You heard
what I told the colonel.
Yeah, but--
We'll be up and in operation
by sundown tomorrow, or I'll
have your guts for garters.
Hey, sweet thing.
What you got whuppin'?
You, that's what's whuppin'.
Facial spa
and a romantic night for two
at the Royal Arms?
And who gave those
to you?
Found them in my coffee.
Well, I will have
you know, madam, that
I'm a happily married man.
Jonas,
it's a wonderful gift.
Why now?
It's time we started eating
our desert first.
It surely is.
[ Cell Phone Beeping ]
Go for Blane.
I hate that phone.
[ Williams ]
Coffee's on the counter.
[ Grunts, Sighs ]
[ Williams Laughs ]
Thanks for the loan
of the couch.
Long as you need it.
First priority of the day
is gettin' my own hooch.
- I heard there's a vacancy down
at that complex by the gate.
- [ Grey ] That place?
Dude, it's full of lieutenants
and other small children.
- Maybe they could use
a little... adult supervision.
- Like you could give it to 'em?
- [ Chuckling ]
- Love to schmooze, dudes.
I gotta pick up some stuff from
the house before I get a new
domicile. I'll catch you later.
[ Door Closes ]
Don't forget to write.
- Hey, Molly.
- You're staying after all.
Yes, that's right.
- I'm glad. I truly am.
- I gotta go, babe.
Hey, Mol.
- Bob.
- You feelin' better?
Tummy calmed down?
Well, I'll--
Nausea?
Knocked up again.
You'd think she'd learn,
wouldn't you?
- Can't you give
the poor woman a rest?
- Not with that face, no.
- Barefoot and pregnant
wins the race.
- [ Truck Horn Honks ]
Later, babe.
And life returns
to its normal rounds.
Looks like it.
It surely does.
What ya doin', Dad?
Your mom was supposed to leave
some things out for me.
- What sort of things?
- Bedspread, towels, sheets.
Dad?
Yeah.
Why are you moving out?
[ Slides Container
Across Floor ]
Come here.
[ Sighs ]
Jen, darling,
I love you.
I love your sister,
and I love your mom.
And I always will.
Then stay.
You know what?
This is just for a little while.
I'm gonna be back, and...
this is kinda like the times
that I had to go before,
you know?
[ Door Opens ]
Hey.
- What are you all up to?
- Just gettin' some things.
Hey, don't--
That's not nailed down.
- Daddy!
[ Screaming ]
- [ Yelling ]
Daddy!
Are you okay?
Get it off my leg!
- Daddy! Are you okay?
- Tiffy!
Get it off my leg!
All right.
You're caught.
[ Fabric Tearing ]
Okay. Okay.
[ Jenny Screaming ]
Daddy!
No! Help! My daddy's hurt!
No! Daddy!
Somebody help!
[ Mack ]
It's okay.
Gerhardts
are at it again.
It's okay, it's okay.
It doesn't hurt.
It's just some scars.
M.P.'s, I'm reporting
a domestic disturbance
in Belleau Wood.
Yes, it sounds violent.
[ Jonas ]
What do we know, sir?
Prelim info only.
Pine Bluff Arsenal,
Arkansas, reports
a missing weapon.
- Some old nerve agent bomb.
- A hell of a thing
to go missing.
- I'm with you.
- It's the arsenal's job
to destroy those things.
Stuff's been around forever,
some of it since
the Second World War.
It could've got lost
in the shuffle.
- Or worse.
- They have had accounting
and inventory glitches before.
-That's right.
-Yeah, something gets misplaced,
winds up in the wrong bunker.
We're the closest response
element available. We gotta
chopper down on pad now.
You men hustle
down there and see
what you can make of this.
Then we're away.
Fare thee well.
[ Door Closes ]
What are the rabbits for?
Canaries
in the mine shaft.
Uh-huh.
And the rabbits?
That's what I mean. Same thing.
They're much more sensitive
than any mechanical detector.
At the faintest whiff
of agent, the rabbits die.
- That's cold.
- They wanted a better job,
should've got their diploma.
So how bad is this stuff?
V.X. nerve agent
is the deadliest material
mankind has ever devised.
The tiniest drop
on the skin
kills on contact.
You blast it into a spray,
it becomes a--
a rain of death.
- Then what sane person
would go near it?
- Exactly. No sane person would.
That's what concerns me.
Tracks show four men,
maybe five.
Looks like they used a forklift
to get the thing on the truck
and simply drove away.
Major, anything
on this truck?
A.P.B. with all police.
- M.P.'s saw the truck drive
out the gate this morning.
- M.P.'s didn't stop it?
Their orders are to check
vehicles coming in,
not going out.
- Uh-huh.
- [ Chatter On Radio ]
Sir, sheriff has
a fix on the truck.
Says a deputy has eyes on it.
Tell them to seal the area
but do not approach.
No one in, no one out.
Dr. Randall, no choice.
You're with me.
- [ Deputy ]
Agent Greenbaum?
- Yeah. What you got, Deputy?
Truck in question's parked
next to the hangar.
We've stayed back.
Any movement?
None so far.
- Any other way in here?
- No, sir.
But if you go around the--
Hey!
Get down!
[ Gunfire ]
[ Airplane Engine
Running ]
- [ Bob ] Under the wing.
The nerve agent canister!
- [ Jonas ] Don't shoot it!
[ Man ]
Man down! Officer down!
Give him cover fire!
- Want me to go with him?
- Go!
[ Man ]
Reloading!
[ Gunfire Continues ]
[ Man ]
* Give me your secrets
Bring me a sign *
* Give me a reason
to walk the fire *
* See another dawn
* Through a daughter's eyes
* You give me a reason
to walk the fire **
I don't care who's right.
I don't care who's wrong.
But I do care about peace
and order within this command.
Yes, sir.
Which command includes
on-base housing.
Sergeant Gerhardt,
you will move
until further notice...
into the bachelors'
N.C.O. quarters
where you will reside--
Colonel, we weren't
even fighting.
Ma'am, the M.P.'s were called...
to a domestic disturbance
in your home.
It was not the first time.
N.C.O. quarters where you will
reside until I have considered a
more permanent course of action.
- Sir, I was moving today
to an apartment off-post.
- Rescinded.
You will live in the B.E.Q.,
and you will not--
you will not,
until I deign otherwise,
be allowed in your house
unless accompanied by an escort
from this chain of command.
Yes, sir.
One more incident, and the
M.P.'s have to be called again,
and, Ms. Gerhardt,
I will terminate
those quarters...
and I will move you
and your children
out of that house...
and off this base,
and, yes, I most certainly
can do that.
Following which, Sergeant,
I will have you standing here
in front of this desk,
at which time I will make
adjustments on your scorecard
on your permanent record.
- Clear?
- Yes, sir.
- Clear.
- [ Cell Phone Beeping ]
This is Tom Ryan. Okay.
Roger that. Keep me advised.
Mack, get down to the TOC. Kayla
will fill you in. Take charge
and make somethin' happen.
I'll be with you
as soon as I can.
Yes, sir.
Tom, if we could just talk,
I know that we could work it
so that--
Good day,
Ms. Gerhardt.
I need air sectionals
for the entire region.
Put 'em up on the walls
and get me another phone line
in here immediately.
Adelman, when's that commo net
comin' up?
I think that--
[ Jonas On Radio ]
Snake Doctor, over!
Snake Doc,
this is Dirt Diver. Go.
- Take coordinates from location
of my transmission.
- [ Gunfire Continues On Radio ]
Got it.
Done.
Has left this location.
It is airborne in a--
What kind of plane?
J-3, single-engine.
A single-engine J-3.
Last seen heading...
north-northeast.
Cool Breeze in pursuit.
Make contact with him direct.
Alert appropriate agencies.
Roger.
We believe there are
at least four operatives,
maybe more.
One in the plane.
We have at least two
that have us under fire.
- Do you need assistance?
- Big time!
Send two additional teams.
I'll alert those elements.
Anything else?
Yeah.
Send a chemical
decontamination unit
immediately.
- That's gonna take
a few hours, but wilco.
- Gotta go, Mack.
- Busy day.
- Roger that.
Doc, stay right where you are!
I'm gonna maneuver behind.
Keep 'em engaged.
Try not to get shot.
Copy that.
[ Gunfire Continues ]
Don't do it.
[ Mutters ]
All clear.
[ Man ]
All clear!
Damn it.
I wanted one of 'em alive.
Well, I wanted
that gunner out of action
before they killed us all.
Can't always get what you want.
See if you can find anything on
'em might tell us who they are.
- We'll turn 'em inside out.
- Get some pictures to the TOC.
Maybe they can come up
with something.
Hey, Doc!
Lend a hand.
[ Shutter Clicks ]
You've seen these men before?
Maybe they worked
at the arsenal.
- Betty Blue.
- Yo.
See if the cruiser radio works.
Get some more police out here.
I'm on it.
I'm airborne,
about eight minutes behind,
following his initial heading.
- You got eyes on him?
- No. No joy.
[ Breaking Up ]
Air traffic control has nothing
on the radar in your area.
Say again?
Adelman, can we get
a clear channel over here?
Barbarism.
That's what was done here--
pure barbarism.
How's that, Cool Breeze?
Yeah, better.
I said he must be flying
under radar coverage.
That's possible.
- What's your altitude?
- Four and climbing.
Hold what you've got.
Squawk your transponder.
I'm gonna see
if control has you.
Squawking... now.
They've got you,
Cool Breeze,
but nothin' else.
All right,
then he's below me.
Look, I'm gonna fire wall
this thing and hold heading.
He can't be that far out.
Roger that.
Is there anything
that I can do for you?
Twenty knots more airspeed
would be nice.
- I'll see what I can do.
Standing by this frequency.
- Roger, out.
How long till we get
to minimum operational level--
two secure radio links,
computer board working and
a direct line to the Pentagon?
Colonel, this place was sacked.
The truth is, it may take days
to get what you want.
You got 30 minutes.
Don't look at me.
I was gonna give you
till tomorrow.
Question of the century,
Mack: Where the hell
is this plane headed?
A rendezvous with death.
[ Tiffy ]
Your dad's gonna come visit you.
He's gonna come see you
often as he can,
but there are rules.
- What kind of rules?
- Darling, it just means that,
when your father is here,
Jonas or someone else
from the Unit
will come with him.
- So they won't fight--
is that it?
- And I'll come too. Both of us.
- Is Daddy going away for good?
- No, darling.
We're gonna be all right.
It's just gonna take
some getting used to,
that's all.
But I don't want Daddy
to go away.
I want him.
Oh, sweetheart.
Oh, baby.
Grow up, Jen.
This is America.
Everybody's divorced.
- It happens every day.
- Lissy--
[ Sniffles,
Sobs ]
It'll be all right.
It will.
It's gonna be all right.
I'm telling you, this is
a can't-miss idea. It's being
done at radio stations...
near Fort Bragg,
Fort Stewart,
Fort Benning.
Okay, uh, call-in show,
army families.
Exactly.
It's the single biggest
local demographic.
Then why isn't
our crosstown rival
doin' it?
Wh-Why were the Wright Brothers
the first to fly?
Why?
Oh, come on, George.
You gotta know this can be done.
You gotta have the vision.
Why do I gotta have
the vision?
You have the vision, George.
You are a man of vision.
Am I?
Everybody says so.
What's the format?
Present a current topic
of military life, one
of the perennial problems--
It ain't like
there's a shortage--
then moderate a discussion.
Like the lack of available
birth control.
If you will.
What time of day?
Afternoon, before the kids
get home from school.
We'll catch them at home
and at their workplaces.
Who runs the show?
Me.
I'm not the only one
who believes.
I've got six
advertising spots
sold already.
You have
six new advertisers
pre-sold?
All locked up with two more
ready to sign tomorrow.
What do you say?
Tell you what. You stick around,
punch the buttons
for the afternoon.
We'll talk
when I get back.
This afternoon?
When I get back.
So it's a go.
Kim, I gotta go to the bank
for my monthly begging routine.
And this here is the sort of
thing that's gonna keep you off
your knees and us on the air.
We'll see.
Dirt Diver,
Cool Breeze, over?
Go, Cool Breeze.
I got nothing.
Maybe the plane's
off on another heading.
Anything yet from air traffic?
Negative.
Unless they put it down,
it's still under the radar.
Wait a second.
I got a speck out front.
Yeah, it's a plane about a--
well, I'd say at a heading
about a thousand feet below.
I'm goin' in for a look.
Just for a little while.
Doesn't have to be pretty.
It just has to work.
Got him, Dirt Diver.
It's him.
Prepare to copy.
Altitude, 1,500.
Airspeed, 100 knots.
- Heading, 028 degrees magnetic.
- Good copy.
Let me see if I can
force this guy to land.
- With what?
- Well, persuasive argument.
- I want to know already
where that plane's headed.
- [ Kayla ] It's 28 degrees mag.
He's headed this way--
right smack towards
Fort Griffith.
Dead rabbits.
They've been exposed
to the nerve gas.
- Hey, Top,
you can't go in there alone.
- You two take charge out here.
Set up a cordon, and
when the decon unit gets here,
make sure they're in place.
If you don't hear from me,
just wait out here for help.
Boss--
Do as I say.
That's an order.
The rabbits are dead.
There's a great likelihood
the hangar is contaminated.
[ Machine Gun Cocks ]
[ Breathing Through Apparatus ]
It gets worse.
Dirt Diver,
Nobody's flying this thing.
The pilot's dead.
Looks like nerve agent.
Snake Doctor reported
nerve agent casualties
at his location.
- Pilot could've been exposed.
- Well, he's liable to lose
his license for that.
- It's no mistake.
- Cool Breeze, looks
like we know the target.
Latest plot puts that thing
headed right here--
Fort Griffith.
Good God almighty.
[ Breathing Through Apparatus ]
I got the data
on that type of weapon.
-That thing makes it here,
it'll wipe out the entire area.
-You stay on this.
How much time we got left?
No change in airspeed,
approximately 18 minutes.
Adelman,
how many secure lines
we got working?
One, and I'm sweet-talkin'
a second. Know in a few.
Get me General Boldt on the horn
and then a continuous link
to National Command Authority.
Can we shoot this thing down?
Negative. If we detonate
the device midair, it'll
give a maximum dispersion.
That's about
the worst thing
we could do.
That makes our options
pretty damn slim.
General Boldt,
sir.
Thank you.
Sir, this is Tom Ryan.
We got a big problem.
We have to evacuate the post.
Yes, sir.
Deadly serious.
- What's the status?
- Uh, Snake Doctor's
just entered the hangar.
Alone?
Yeah.
Well, you got contact with him?
Let's leave him alone.
- If he needs help,
we'll hear it.
- Well, I don't like it,
but I guess I don't have to.
Look, photos
come in?
They're in the pipeline.
Our computers are down,
but we're on it.
Okay. Look, I got cops
pulling into the location.
I need to get back to you.
Roger.
[ Announcer ]
Playing all your favorites
without interruption.
News and weather
at the top of the hour.
So keep that dial set...
- to KTML, the Missile.
- [ Switches Off ]
- Molly, thanks
for bringing them over.
- I'm glad to do it.
You don't have to stay.
Teddy can sleep
and Serena can color.
No way, girl.
Besides, I like
to watch you work.
You're our personal
celebrity.
- What's a celebrity?
- It's a famous person
like your mother.
Oh.
Please. Being a deejay here
is nothing more...
than being
a glorified button-pusher.
[ Phone Rings ]
Now, I get my talk show,
you're gonna have to shoo
the tabloid photographers away.
KTML Radio.
This is Kim Brown.
Uh-huh.
"Severe weather,
shelter,
mandatory alert."
Yes, I've got it.
Okay.
[ Handset Settles
In Cradle ]
That was odd.
What?
Call from Fort Griffith
Operations Center asking--
no, demanding that we issue
a severe weather alert...
and an "immediate shelter" order
for all personnel,
military and civilian.
- Why is that odd?
- There's nothing on
the National Weather Service.
- Is this some kind of a drill?
- Not if it pertains
to civilians.
But it could be a crank call.
Think I should look up
the number to Base Ops,
give 'em a call
and confirm?
I know a better source.
Molly Blane for Colonel Ryan.
It's important.
Tom, I'm with Kim
at the radio station.
I'm calling--
- Did you receive
the shelter notice?
- Colonel, we did. I just--
Molly, may I speak
with Mrs. Brown?
- Hello.
- Mrs. Brown,
I can verify that message.
It is imperative
that you issue that alert.
All personnel must take shelter
immediately and stay there
until further notice.
- But, Colonel,
there's nothing on the--
- Kim, do you trust me?
- Well, I--
- All personnel must
take shelter and stay there.
- Am I cutting through?
- Colonel, the--
the alert will go out.
I'll call you direct
with any more information.
Kim?
I need to make
that announcement now.
- Betty Blue, Snake Doctor.
- What gives, Top?
- Relay all info
to the TOC.
- Right.
I'm near the hangar
main door.
One body, male,
possibly Eurasian.
Will send photo.
No visible wounds.
Foam around mouth, blue color
under the fingernails.
Classic signs
of nerve agent poisoning.
The hangar must be contaminated.
Doc says it's nerve agent.
Building's contaminated.
I found one booby trap
and defused it,
claymore on the wall.
Hey, there's a claymore
over the door.
[ Jonas On Line ] Roger.
There's a room at the far end,
the right as you enter.
I'll check it and report.
Oh, yeah.
Check that photo of the body
against the Abu Said file.
- Might be something there.
- Good copy.
I'll pass it on.
Roger, out.
Have you I.D.'d the bodies
in the photos?
What?
I gotta get back to you.
Adelman, they don't have
the photos, the ones that were
supposedly sent. Why not?
- They were sent.
- But apparently not received.
- Must be the interface.
- Buckwheat,
the maximum effective range
of an excuse is zero meters.
I expect results.
Get those photos sent
immediately. You got it?
[ Quietly ]
Immediately.
Pimple-headed paper pusher's
worried about pissants
in the pantry,
we got...
elephants stampeding
through the wire.
Cool Breeze,
this is Dirt Diver.
Yes, ma'am. I can assure you,
I have the latest information.
I know the Weather Channel
shows no storm clouds
approaching us,
but this tornado warning
is the latest report.
Ma'am--
Ma'am, please heed the warning
and stay undercover.
Yes, ma'am, you can call back.
Bye.
[ Sighs ]
That's at least...
20 calls.
I keep saying, "Take cover,"
but no other source
reports anything out there.
Something's going on--
something military. What are
we gonna do with the kids?
- Get them to a shelter.
- They need you. Just show me
which buttons to push.
It's more complicated than that.
And-And-And I need
to warn other people.
Molly, get my children
to safety.
[ Mack ]
Dirt Diver, over.
Go, Diver.
What the hell?
[ Engines Roaring ]
Dirt Diver, I got air force
all over my ass!
What are they doing?
Rippin' through the wild blue.
Look, they can't go slow enough
to do anything,
and if they fire a missile,
it'll blast that stuff
for miles around.
Tell the flyboys to get
the hell out of there now.
What's the time?
How much we got left?
How far out are we?
Twelve miles,
five to the suburbs.
We got everything
locked down here.
Everybody's undercover.
But there's no cavalry
comin' to the rescue,
is there?
You were air cav, right?
It's just us, amigo,
and nothin' left to do
but hunker down and wait.
Yeah, I hardly think so.
There's always somethin'
that can be done.
This thing gets over the city,
it's a moot point.
[ Engine Climbing ]
Cool Breeze?
Come in, Cool Breeze.
Cool Breeze,
this is Dirt Diver, over!
[ Engine Diving ]
Cool Breeze,
this is Dirt Diver.
Don't do it.
Cool Breeze, don't do it!
- Bob, don't do it!
- Kiss my kids for me.
Whoa! Dirt Diver--
Dirt Diver,
new heading, over!
- Say that again, over.
- I say again, new heading:
turned to 042 degrees
magnetic, over.
- What happened?
- Plane's following
a programmed flight pattern.
Must be on directed autopilot.
[ Mack ]
That just bought us
a little time.
Just bought me a lifetime.
Yeah.
How's your fuel holding?
Uh, got several hours.
I can't say the same
for my bladder though.
[ Laughs ]
- Bitch and moan.
- It could be going to any one
of these cities.
Just when you thought
it can't get worse.
- Hey, Mack,
I'm thinking of somethin'.
- Always a good thing.
Remember the tactic
the British fighter pilots used
on the German buzz bombs?
I'm afraid I missed that war.
You know what I'm talking about:
when they were trackin' a V-1,
and they were out of ammo?
Yeah, I saw that documentary.
What are you,
a fighter ace now?
Well, beneath me are miles
and miles of nothin'
but... miles and miles.
- You want to give it
a shot, Red Baron?
- Here goes.
- Nice and easy, okay?
- Who's flyin' this thing?
Yeah, yeah.
Your radio goes out,
I'll know you didn't make it.
What confidence.
Here goes.
[ Breathing Heavily ]
Whoa!
Turbulence.
[ Phone Beeps ]
Betty Blue,
have found a body in the office.
Was holding a computer.
Maybe something there.
Have cleared
for booby traps.
I'm goin' in.
Go easy and get out.
Oh, yeah.
[ Machinery Whirring, Snaps ]
Well, that's special.
- He's goin' down.
- You did it?
You took him down?
Negative. Negative, autopilot
brought him back on course.
I'm gonna try it again.
- Easy, Bobbo.
- Yes, Mother.
No joy. No joy.
It's back on course.
Damn.
I've recovered
a laptop computer
from the body.
- There might be
somethin' helpful there.
- Hope so.
Pass this on: There was a trap
I didn't detect. It went off
as I entered the office.
I've been sprayed
with a liquid--
some kind of gelatin.
May I?
- Do you have
a field test kit with you?
- Yes.
Take out a piece of litmus paper
and touch it to the liquid.
- Done.
- What color is it now?
- It's black.
- Nerve agent.
[ Jonas ]
Yeah, Doc,
I thought so.
Look, once exposed,
how long is this suit
and mask good for?
-How long before it breaks down?
-About two hours,
I should think, maximum.
It's a layer of activated
charcoal in the suit
that provides your protection.
As it degrades, the suit becomes
ineffective and... breaks down
more rapidly in the heat.
Great.
Testing. Testing.
Commo check, over?
Roger, out. Second head's up.
What about that second
secure line?
Finally got some info
on who this group may be.
Get this to Jonas.
How's it lookin',
Mack?
I'm good, Colonel.
Turned away from us,
passed our location.
Betty Blue, this is Dogpatch--
Now the plane's making random
changes of heading. Any one
of these cities are in range.
White House has been alerted.
But even if that air defense
artillery is en route,
there's no guarantee
this thing can be stopped.
Bob's the only one
that knows where it is.
That's the way...
we've been able to plot it,
pass that information on
to command authority.
We gotta bring this plane down.
Jonas is taking control
of the plane from that computer.
He thinks that's
what's controllin' it.
God, I hope he's right.
- Okay, I'm ready.
- I've made a code plan based
on the name of the group.
Just punch in the keys
as I tell you.
We'll take it slow.
Okay.
Ready.
Pound, Zulu, One, Golf, Victor--
- [ Bob ] I hope you've come up
with a solution back there.
- A lot of people are trying.
Yeah, well, enough trying.
It's time for doing.
New heading!
It's changed course again:
046 degrees magnetic.
Better not be.
[ Grey ]
Echo, Romeo,
finally the dollar sign.
- Got it.
- Okay, what do you got?
Figures and coordinates.
The computer is not in control.
The plane is on
a preplotted course.
It's a self-guided missile,
but I know where it's going.
All right.
Relay this to Dogpatch
as I call it out.
Go ahead.
Location--
West 900, 947.20.
- Altitude, 1650--
- [ Vehicle Approaching ]
A.G.L.
Time: 1720 local.
- Good copy. Great work.
- Good news. Decon team's here.
Betty Blue, out.
Whoa.
Saint Louis.
Cardinal Stadium.
Baseball game.
Standing room only.
Jam-packed stadium,
and it's rush hour.
Well, at least now we know.
- Yes, sir.
- Adelman,
get me Washington.
Washington, now!
They're going to gas
Saint Louis?
Grab that man
by the stack and swivel!
Which means,
it's no time to collapse.
[ Phone Rings ]
- Everyone has to function.
Everyone!
- Right!
Washington
on the line.
- We all right?
You squared away?
- Yes, sir!
- How about that cipher system?
Is it online yet?
- Most rikki-tik.
Current winds
from the east
at six knots.
Altitude of detonation, 1,650.
What's the stadium hold?
Call it 50,000.
[ Mack Sighs ]
In the heart of downtown,
we could be looking at--
[ Exhales ]
200,000 dead,
who knows how many sick--
a half a million or more--
and Saint Louis uninhabitable.
How much time we got?
What's left?
- Speed the same?
- Yep.
Twenty minutes to the suburbs.
Well, Mack, you know
that just ain't
gonna happen.
Yeah, I know.
The clock ran out on us.
Can you patch me through to Kim?
Adelman, you got
that land-to-line
communication set up?
I don't have it yet.
I tried, but
I don't have it.
I can't make that happen,
Cool Breeze. Is there a message
you want me to pass on to her?
You make it up.
You know what to say.
[ Quietly ]
Yeah.
White House has issued
the button-down order.
It'll help, but not much.
Well, at least they can have
response teams poised
outside the city.
Hey, what happens
when a plane stalls?
What happens
It loses all lift.
It stops flying. I-It, uh--
It goes into a spin
and crashes.
And an autopilot can't pull
out of a stall, can it?
It takes a pilot--
a real live one--
to counter a spin.
Yeah, that's right.
It takes a pilot.
It takes a live one.
All right, look.
There's a large open field
up ahead.
Take my coordinates
and notify Emergency Response.
Wilco. What the hell
you got planned,
Cool Breeze?
Stop jabberin'
and leave me alone.
[ Engine Diving ]
[ Bob Straining ]
Splashdown.
No detonation.
- Yeah!
- He did it. He did it!
He did it!
[ Laughs ]
There will be
no living with him now.
[ Laughs ]
[ Laughing ]
[ Man ]
Can you raise your arms
for me, please?
A little higher.
Can you turn around?
And that's the latest news
from KTML.
** [ Rock On Speaker ]
And to all our listeners
in the Greenwood-Fort Griffith
area,
that severe weather notice
posted earlier today
has been called off.
And the winner of the $500 pool
for when the order
would be rescinded...
goes to Mrs. Lynn Edwards
of Renfro.
We hope you weren't
inconvenienced, but, hey,
better safe than sorry.
And now back to more
of your favorite music
here at KTML, the Missile.
** [ Switches To Low Volume ]
[ Exhales Deeply ]
- [ Door Opens ]
- Kim!
- Am I fired?
- [ Scoffs ] Fired?
Fired nothin'. You were great.
But the callers--
they were beating me
from left to right.
So what? You kept them engaged.
And more than that,
you kept your head.
You really know how to handle
a tough situation.
And turnin' the whole thing
into a contest? Brilliant.
After what you did
this afternoon, a regular
call-in show is a piece of cake.
You mean the show?
I got the show?
Until you get fired.
[ Chuckles ]
Don't screw it up.
[ Rock Continues ]
* And, baby, my liberty
I don't know whether
to wash with this
or drink it.
That suit was at its limit.
I don't think it would've lasted
another half hour.
- Oh, well.
- A harrowing experience, but
I've learned so much today.
Well, ain't that special?
No, but it will be.
I intend to use this incident
to scare the pure hell
out of Congress...
and get the money
to finish destroying
these bioweapons.
Well, good luck
with that, Doc.
Thank you.
Ah, Mr. Blue,
would you hand me a towel?
* I ain't got no reason to wait
Gonna lose my mind *
* Never hesitate
And would you mind
givin' me my pants?
More than you know.
* Singin', here comes the time
of the revelation *
* Get a one-way ticket
for your salvation **
** [ Fades ]
[ Door Opens ]
[ Exhales ]
[ Door Closes ]
- Got our bags packed?
- [ Chuckles ]
[ Murmurs Quietly ]
[ T.V. Announcer ]
And that's one out here in
the bottom of the eighth inning.
Score's still tied
at 4-4 with runners--
Okay, so with-- with runners
on first and second,
if there's less than two outs,
then the infield fly rule
is in effect.
- Oh, a little popcorn.
- [ Announcer Continues ]
Daddy's telling me about
the infield fly rule.
And?
I think
he's making it up.
I thought you didn't care much
for baseball.
Hmm.
Today, it's
my second favorite pastime.
And delivers, fastball--
[ Bat Hits Ball ]
There's the drive...
deep into right center field!
Reece Bradley has done it!
That is outta here!
Home run! And just like that,
Saint Louis jumps ahead, 7-4--